Add Cosmos3-Nano-Policy-DROID finetune cookbook (#225)
NVIDIA/Cosmos: README.md

### Finetune

Post-train Cosmos 3 on your own data with the supervised fine-tuning (SFT) cookbooks below. Each recipe is a self-contained launch script: a single `bash launch_sft_<recipe>.sh` prepares or validates the data, prepares the base checkpoint, and runs 8×H100 training.

| Cookbook | Surface | Recipes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [Vision generator SFT](cookbooks/cosmos3/generator/audiovisual/finetune/README.md) | Generator | Full SFT (Cosmos3-Nano) and LoRA SFT (Cosmos3-Super) on captioned video |

> | [DROID action-policy SFT](cookbooks/cosmos3/generator/action/finetune/README.md) | Generator | Full SFT (Cosmos3-Nano) on DROID robot action-policy data |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Policy-DROID SFT](cookbooks/cosmos3/generator/action/finetune/README.md) | Generator | Full SFT (Cosmos3-Nano) for action policy on the DROID dataset |
```
